(music)
President Obama: Well,
the White House is
the people's house.
Michelle and I and the
girls, we understand that
we're here for a limited
time, and we're here
because we have this
incredible privilege of
serving the American
people and looking after
them and what they
are concerned about.
(music)
I think everybody, the
first night they spend in
the White House, are
a little overwhelmed.
You know, the White
House is such an icon in
American life and around
the globe, and the notion
that you'd be sleeping in
a bed inside of it, is a
little bit intimidating.
And, at least when you've
got a couple kids, you
pretty much get into a
routine because you know
that you're going to have
to figure out how to wake
them up, and make sure
they get to school
on that first day.
So, the transition was
smooth, but that first
night you kind of wake up
with a start a little bit
and say to yourself, "My
goodness, what am
I doing here?"
(music)
Everyday -- although you
consider it the place you
live -- I think you're
very mindful that this is
a place of history; that
this is a place that
belongs to the people
and to the country.
As much as you want to
feel comfortable in that
place, you also want to
feel a little bit of
reverence for the fact
that down these halls
Lincoln has walked, and in
these rooms FDR has made
decisions that had
impacts around the world.
(music)
While you're here, you're
maybe part of the first
family, but once your
term's up you're going to
be a citizen once again.
And that, I think, it both
humbling, but extremely
gratifying because it
reminds us that this is a
democracy, and those who
come into this office are
here temporarily and
someday soon there's going
to be somebody else who
takes up that mantle and
you just make sure that
during the time that
you're here you're doing
the best you can to serve
the people
who've sent you.
(music)